DOCS-652, proofread what-is-device42.mdx (#439)
ritza-co/device42-docs: docs/what-is-device42.mdx

Gain visibility into your IT infrastructure with agentless, automatic discovery of your entire IT infrastructure. 

Discover physical servers, VMs, network devices, containers, end-user devices, storage arrays, and more — along with their critical relationships -  across on-premises, virtual, and cloud environments.

### IT Inventory and Asset Management

> Device42 delivers robust IT asset management (ITAM) documentation for all infrastructure deployments. Its powerful tools ensure that IT teams have instant access to a complete, accurate, and up-to-date inventory of their entire IT environments.

Author: ```suggestion
Device42 delivers robust IT asset management (ITAM) documentation for all infrastructure deployments. Its powerful tools ensure that IT teams have instant access to complete, accurate, and up-to-date inventories of their entire IT environments.
```

> Device42 delivers robust IT asset management (ITAM) documentation for all 42'infrastructure deployments. Its powerful tools ensurethat  IT teams have instant access to a complete, accurate, and up-to-date inventory of their entire IT environments.

Author: ```suggestion
Device42 delivers robust IT asset management (ITAM) documentation for all infrastructure deployments. Its powerful tools ensure that IT teams have instant access to a complete, accurate, and up-to-date inventory of their entire IT environments.
```

### Software License Management

Organizations can create and maintain a comprehensive, accurate profile of the software deployed on Windows and Linux machines across their entire IT estates — from the server to desktop level.

### Business Service Mapping

Business service mapping automatically uncovers application and service dependencies across your network, delivering unmatched insights. 

> Device42 seamlessly maps communications between applications, services, and hybrid, cloud, or on-premise environments, giving you a complete view of your IT environment.

Author: ```suggestion
Device42 seamlessly maps communications between applications, services, and hybrid cloud or on-premise environments, giving you a complete view of your IT environment.
```
